base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 1((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 2((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 3((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 4((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 5((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 6((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 7((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 8((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 9((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 10((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 11((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 12((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 13((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 14((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 15((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 16((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 17((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 18((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 19((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 20((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 21((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 22((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 23((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 24((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 25((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 26((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 27((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 28((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

cont: 29((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true

cont: 30((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
cont: 31((( apos os testes))) 
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:true


 ----------------------- 


Contador de produtos:31
Total time (ms): 1228
Total time (ms): 1228 time average (ms): 1228.0 number of times performed:1
